This recipe yields about 15 tacos. It is a slightly modified version of what you
 would find on the street markets. The chicken is optional, so this could make a
  good lent (or vegetarian) dish!
INGREDIENTS
SAUCE
3 Chile Ancho
2 1/2 Tomatoes
3 Garlic cloves
~ 1 Cup Water
Salt
~ 4 TBSP Oil
FILLING
4 White Potatoes
3 Carrots
1-2 TBSP Butter/Margarine
1 Chicken breast (Optional)
Cheese (Shredded yellow/white mix)
Shredded Lettuce (Optional)
Corn Tortillas
Oil

DIRECTIONS
1. First you need to clean the chiles. To do this you need to get the seeds out
and get rid of the stem. You can use a knife to help you crack the chiles open.
It is ok to end with small pieces of chiles.

Before:


After:

2. Add the oil to a skillet and heat on medium high. Once the oil is hot, add
 all the chile pieces to the skillet. Fry for no more than 10 seconds on each
 side. The goal is to soften the chiles but not burn them. If you do burn them,
 start again with a fresh set of chiles. Burned chiles will ruin the sauce,
 hence ruining the dish. Note: Do not reuse the oil once you are done frying the
  chiles!
3. Put the chiles, garlic, salt, and half a cup of water. into a blender.  Mix
until the ingredients are blended and a little thick.
4. You should taste the sauce (paste) at this point, it may need a little more
salt, but wait to add it.  It should have a strong taste, but not be too spicy.
It will taste a little bitter.

Cut the tomatoes into quarters and add them into the blender with the paste. You
 can add salt as well at this point.  The sauce should not be thick, but should
 not be thin either.
5. In a medium saucepan, add oil to cover bottom of pan and heat at a medium to
medium high heat.  Once the oil is hot, add the sauce from the blender.  Heat
the sauce for about ten minutes, make sure to keep stirring it so that it does
not burn.  The sauce will get a darker red color.
6. In a large saucepan, boil about 3-4 cups of water.  Peel and dice the
potatoes and carrots.  The potatoes and carrots should be diced small.  Put the
potatoes and carrots into the boiling water.  Boil until both the potatoes and
carrots are soft.   Then drain the water and add the butter so that it melts.
Then put them aside until ready to prepare the tacos.
7. In another large saucepan or in a pressure cooker, cook the chicken.  Once
the chicken is cooked, put it into a bowl and shred it.  If you want to make a
vegetarian taco, omit this step.
8. In a small frying pan, put enough oil to cover bottom of pan and heat at
medium- medium high heat.  Once oil is hot, put tortillas in one at a time, for
about 10 seconds on each side.  Repeat this for each tortilla that you need.

After you have done this with all the tortillas, dip the tortilla into the sauce
and put onto plate.  Place approximatley 1 TBSP of the potato and carrot filling
onto the tortilla.  Add some of the shredded chicken, and roll the tortilla.
Try not to overfill the tortilla so that they do not rip when you roll them.
Repeat this for as many tacos as you will make.

If you wish, add shredded cheese to the top and heat in microwave for about 30
seconds to melt the cheese.  You can also top with shredded lettuce if desired.
